ref(hub): Remove _invokeClient (#4195)
getsentry/sentry-javascript: CHANGELOG.md

- "You miss 100 percent of the chances you don't take. — Wayne Gretzky" — Michael Scott

- ref(hub): Remove `_invokeClient` (#4195)
- **breaking** feat(minimal): Remove `_callOnClient` (#4195)

> `_callOnClient` was a hidden API that was not meant for public use. If this breaks your set up, please write a GitHub issue describing your usage of `_callOnClient` and we can re-evaluate accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`_callOnClient` was a hidden API that was not meant for public use. If this breaks your setup, please write a GitHub issue describing your usage of `_callOnClient` and we can re-evaluate accordingly.
```
